Install Steps:

0) Prerequisites:
    You will need the XPM library to compile the client.
    If you want to run the gtk client, you will need to install the gtk
    libraries.
    If you want png support, you will need to install the png
    library.
    If you want sdl support ( recommended) you will need both gtk and png
    as well as the main SDL library and the SDL_image library, both of
    which can be found at http://www.libsdl.org if not already installed
    on your system.

1)  type './configure' to configure for your OS/system.  Most options
    normally understood by configure should be available.
    The configure script will try to make all the right decisions.  It will
    search for the needed libraries and headers.   You may need to give
    hints on the locations of some files (png library, gtk library).

    If configure finds GTK libraries, it will build either or both the gtk
    and gtkv2 clients in addition to the x11 client.  You can avoid building
    either gtk client with --disable-gtkv1 and --disable-gtkv2, but there is
    no way to disable building the x11 client at this time - if you are able
    to compile the gtk client, you also have all the tools for the x11 client.

    If SDL libraries are found on your system, SDL support is automatically
    compiled it (Note: only the gtk clients support sdl). Use --disable-sdl
    if you don't want this.

    The system will use the new sound system if available (this is a seperate
    sound daemon).  If you want to use the builtin sound system, use
    the --enable-old-sound.  See sound notes further down.

    To specify additional places to find header files, use the
    --with-includes=value - this includes any -I or other options to provide
    the compiler.  Example:
    ./configure --with-includes="-I/usr/local/include -I/opt/xpm/include"

    Similarly, there is a --with-ldflags option.  Example:
    ./configure --with-ldflags="-L/usr/local/lib -R/usr/local/lib"
    -R is used on many systems to specify run location for libraries so
    you don't need to set LD_LIBRARY_PATH.

    Generally, if you are setting --with-includes, your probably need to
    set --with-ldflags, as if one is not in a standard place, the other
    probably is not either.

    The client works with the 0.5 version of the ALSA sound system.
    If you are using a newer version and are having troubles compiling,
    try running configure with the '--disable-alsa' option.

2) Type 'make depend; make' to compile the client. If you get link errors,
    it may be because you have an older version of the gtk libraries.  If
    you get errors like 'can't find target client.c', your make program
    isn't very good and use should get/use gnu make instead.

3)  Type 'make install' to install the binaries.

4)  The client can be run by typing 'crossfire-client-x11' for the X11
    version, crossfire-client-gtk for the older GTK client, and
    crossfire-client-gtk2 for the newer GTK client.  For the gtk clients add
    an -sdl argument to use the SDL version.
